#labels Phase-Support

=TODO=
This page will contain a list of features which are planned to be developed in future versions.

===Rest API===

===ParameterSourceProvider===
  * Implement a ParameterSource Provider for a more generic parametrization support.
In more detail:
Let the developer specify where to take the values of the parameters from: Eg. request, session, application or some registered object instance (somehow configurable from wro.xml.)
In case when no ParameterSource is registered in wro.xml, we mai assume some defaults just like in JSP (request->session->application)
===Gzip on/off parameter===
  * Turn gzip ON/OFF using some request parameter (ex: /wro/group.css?gzip=on)

===Cache discrete groups===
===Create processor for image flicker bug===

{{{
      try {
        document.execCommand("BackgroundImageCache", false, true);
      } catch(err) {}
}}}


=Resolved=
===Unavailable Resources===    
Check what happens when unavailable resource is included
===Processors Management===
    * Expose append (pre&post processors) methods in WroManageFactoryImpl.
===SemicolonAppenderPreProcessor===
    * Since some JavaScript files do not end with a semicolon ( they can cause problems when joined with onother JavaScript file.
    * Solution: On each joining point output a semicolon character if the current file does not end with semicolon.
===Remove the logic from the filter class===
===Develop the following feature: WroManagerFactory configuration using xml===

===Add a settings property: ignoreInvalidResources==
(by default false). When this value is true, the invalid resources will be ignored & will not affect the merged result.

===Add css extension ability===
    .module {}
    .saleModule {extends:module;}


===Create maven repository in google code===
http://babyloncandle.blogspot.com/2009/04/deploying-maven-artifacts-to-googlecode.html

===Create Css pre processor for dynamic variables===

=Deprecated features (will not be supported)=
  * Add condition attribute to js, css & group tags in xml. In order to be able to include resources based on some logic. The default implementation will provide browser dependent inclusion. Example:

{{{
<js condition="isBrowser(ie,ff,chrome)">..</js>
}}}

The same idea can be applied to other custom logic which can be easily plugable:

{{{
<js condition="isEnvironment(DEVELOPMENT)">..</js>
}}}

The plugability will be possible by implementing a ConditionProcessor interface & adding this implementation to factory holding all existing conditions (same as for (pre|post)processors).